Another time dominated bus are in
all world cup in the rhythmic
gymnastics for the first time in
lisbon in portugal took place in the gold
single multi-fight and in all
equipment finals went to the moment
on many international competitions
leading margareta mammon
every teammate and hardest
competitor alexander was injured
Unfortunately, when you exercise on the mature
and had to fight for silver in the and
give up the mature finale
shortly before, she had joyfully ours
spectators have to
hereof the customer ukraine and
audience favorite gang lisa the nova
benefit from the competition in the two
had lain and in the final sun
happy and then ball two place occupied
O
other strong gymnasts were in
competition the Bulgarians is Anita die
second in the band finale was the korean
the son and the chinese also think
the Russians brought us the groups
Greetings gold in the
device finals with howling and with balls
and ribbons
the all-around won here
Spaniards as well as in the device final
ball when the bronze won
in the multi - fight exercises had the
otherwise they must be sure of victory
burst
Also silver course was never fight
bulgaria and in the singles the
Chinese women in the groups of
the juniors were from russian point of view
again the russians are honored
won here in the group
Belarus and the USA in the single
outclassed the Russian offspring
star julia like cora's competition as
as place